Mobile dev toolkit/troubleshooting (#9)
AdaloHQ/docs: website/docs/marketplace/testing/mobile-dev-toolkit.md

Alternatively, you can use [wml](https://github.com/wix/wml), a tool that uses watchman to make concrete symlinks. If you use wml, changes will be automatically reflected and hot-reloaded. This saves a lot of time.

If your component requires custom configuration, you can instruct the Adalo build system to make these changes using install scripts. See the [component developer docs](marketplace/getting-started.md) or the [tutorial video](https://youtu.be/6VAdoYKaNgc) to learn how.

### Troubleshooting

This section will organically grow over time as developers run into more build issues...
#### Common build issues and how to fix them (Android):

> - I've run into an error that looks like: `java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: Could not initialize class org.codehaus.groovy.vmplugin.v7.Java7`

Reviewer: Maybe change this from "I've" to "If you"
```suggestion
- If you run into an error that looks like: `java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: Could not initialize class org.codehaus.groovy.vmplugin.v7.Java7`
```

  - Update gradle. To do so, open `mobile-previewer/android/gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.properties`. Change `distributionUrl` to be: `distributionUrl=https\://services.gradle.org/distributions/gradle-6.3-all.zip`.

> - I've run into an error that looks like "Missing SDK path".

Reviewer: Maybe change this from "I've" to "If you"
```suggestion
- If you run into an error that looks like "Missing SDK path".
```
